So in terms of updating.
Step 5 up until step 11 the end of Sept. 11.
It's really easy to just use exact same process you're just going to copy and paste special and based
on whatever data you entered in earlier in the course.
It will appear here and white one nicely cohesive summary.
Some resection here and just copy all of your boxes here.
We see all the data and pasted directly into into Word and the same thing with every single step.
OK.
And you can always go back and delete here.
Anything that's not relevant so let me just go here where we are we done executive summary and management.
And then here just use exactly methodology.
So product and service you're going to go to product and service over here will show you.
And we're just going to copy and paste.
It's really easy.
So and if you ever get lost and you're not sure where you put something in here.
I made it help for helpful for you because what I did was I tagged everything so we go here.
You can always copy this and you don't have to this is optional and will bring you right here.
Case on the go here.
Paste.
I'll bring it here so this is that whole area.
It's a very long one right so you can copy this and paste it directly into product and service.
This is quite a long section here.
It's important obviously because Is your product so a click paste paste all that stuff for you which
is nice and it looks like I have a couple of grammatical issues there should be a dash there.
And then here dash.
I didn't know that.
Ok cool I'll put that directly there.
So it's pretty self-explanatory if you have certain things that are blank here.
You obviously don't have to copy that stuff over you can delete the headings right.
Although I made them mandatory.
Obviously there's nothing mandatory in this course you can get rid of this fuel price.
If you have all these things and just delete them and then when we repaginate or right click and update
the table of contents it'll update accordingly for all this so what I'll do actually is I'll go into
really fast forward mode.
You can skip the rest of this lecture if you want to but I only go in a fast forward mode and just update
every other field that I have with dummy data in here.
Up until the financials part and the financials part is is going to be way down here.
So that will be on that page and depending on how much did you insert that page might actually be on
page 30 or 40 or whatever it is.
So this template here is 60 pages.
If you have a lot more data and be close to 100 pages or if you have less obviously be closer to 30
pages if you cut a bunch of stuff to each their own.
So again I'll go in fast forward mode.
I'll update everything up until financials.
And you don't have to watch this you can skip it.
Otherwise I will see you in the next lecture where we're going to talk in great detail is the fun part
about how the financial side next
for
all
you
do
are
some
your
you
or
okay if you're still with me we're going to talk about financials in the next lecture.
And just for fun I had to go back up here right click and then go update field and it should update
everything.
And if you changed around some of your titles a little bit that should update as well.
And if it doesn't just update feel again and then say update entire table.
It'll get rid of.
Let's say there's a couple of line items you got rid of that are headings like outsource partners or
board advisors or employees four through 10 for example.
It would get rid of all that stuff.
And so this is all updated with all the stuff I just pasted in.
We're up to page 27 now and it's just dummy data so it will probably be longer than yours if you include
every field.
Everyone's different.
So in the next section what we'll do is we'll go through financials together thanks.